Update a note about upgrading TiDB using TiUP (#3729)
pingcap/docs: upgrade-tidb-using-tiup.md

> **Note:**
>

> > + Currently, TiUP only supports the supervision method of process `systemd`. If you previously selected `supervise` when deploying with TiDB Ansible, you need to click [Deploy TiDB Cluster with TiDB Ansible](/online-deployment-using-ansible.md#how-to-modify-the-supervision-method-of-a-process-from-supervise-to-systemd) to `systemd`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> + Currently, TiUP only supports the `systemd` supervision method of a process. If you have previously selected the `supervise` method when deploying TiDB with TiDB Ansible, you need to modify the supervision method from `supervise` to `systemd` according to [Deploy TiDB Cluster with TiDB Ansible](/online-deployment-using-ansible.md#how-to-modify-the-supervision-method-of-a-process-from-supervise-to-systemd).
```

> > + Currently, TiUP only supports the `systemd` supervision method of a process. If you have previously selected the `supervise` method when deploying TiDB with TiDB Ansible, you need to modify the supervision method from `supervise` to `systemd` according to [Deploy TiDB Cluster with TiDB Ansible](/online-deployment-using-ansible.md#how-to-modify-the-supervision-method-of-a-process-from-supervise-to-systemd).

Reviewer 2: @ireneontheway @TomShawn 
- Please don't use `with` when expressing `use` because `with` can be confusing.
- Generally, keep the original title when you link to another file (See [Deploy TiDB Using TiDB Ansible](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/online-deployment-using-ansible)).
```suggestion
> + Currently, TiUP only supports the `systemd` supervision method of a process. If you have previously selected the `supervise` method when deploying TiDB with TiDB Ansible, you need to modify the supervision method from `supervise` to `systemd` according to [Deploy TiDB Using TiDB Ansible](/online-deployment-using-ansible.md#how-to-modify-the-supervision-method-of-a-process-from-supervise-to-systemd).
```

Author: I've fixed it.
